hello everybody this is andrew mercer
thank you for watching today we're going
to be learning how to check and add a
brake fluid to your Honda cb750 I'm
going to be using a CB 750 F 1975 but
this technique applies to many of the
cb750 s and actually many of the
motorcycles out there so hopefully you
can learn how to do this yourself okay
let's go to it now brake fluid is a
nasty substance it's been known to take
the paint right off of tanks and
motorcycles and do all kinds of weird
things to other surfaces so anyway we
don't want to get any of it on your
buddy so the best thing to do is to
protect your bike by covering up with
something I'm in a hole and it helps
some plastic over this tank
so now that we've got the bike I'll
cover up a plastic around all the
painted parts and protected we're going
to now remove the cover of the the
reservoir for the brake fluid you want
to do is carefully even though you got
everything covered up and I should also
mention I've got lots of paper towels
handy in case of emergency okay
sometimes this rubber sometimes this
rubber piece here gets caught and stuck
on to the reservoir you might have to
pry that off of it just be gentle
because you don't have any replacing
that now if you notice inside here
you'll notice that fears the
breakthrough is kind of a bit brownish
that's not we don't like that it's
better if it's more clear this needs to
be replaced by rights
I'm not going to replace this today but
I am going to clean out the bowl in here
because it looks to me this is some
sediment down inside as well so I'm just
going to clean the bowl out I'm going to
add some more to it and at a later date
I'm going to flush out the brake system
now in order to clean out the bowl here
what we're going to do is we're going to
stop out the brake fluid with with these
paper towels very very very careful
because we don't want to disturb any
sediment this down there we don't want
to get it into the little holes or any
of the little bits and pieces that are
down there so I'm just going to stop it
it really gently take your time and
again we don't want to get this on any
painted parts
now we've got the brake fluid all soft
out of the of the reservoir I'm going to
give it a little wipe with a clean paper
towel and gently try to stay away from
the little ports two down there so you
don't to go feeding any brake fluid into
those ports it'll hold it down there
they are a tiny now I'm going to use
actual brake cleaner to to give this a
good shot just to make sure it's cleaned
up good and again protect it around with
a rags you don't spray the brake fluid
all the places it's a good idea as well
to clean around the edge of the bowl so
tread that the the cover screwed onto
just make sure that song is nice and
clean as well I should also mention that
you do not want to touch your brake
pedal your brake handle here while
you're doing this because you'll end up
in putting air into your brake system
now that I've got the bowl completely
clean and all tidied up and I've got the
lid the clean and I've got the grooves
around the edges all tidied up and clean
I'm going to add some brake fluid now
when you use brake fluid you have used a
brake fluid that's indicated on the bike
this one has it indicated on the cover
of the brake reservoir it says dot three
so that's what I put into this one dot 3
brake fluid if it says dot four use dot
four if it says that five use dot five
now there's a little Ridge on the inside
of this bowl that goes all the way
around I'm going to bring my brake fluid
up to that Ridge level
and they did actually spill some so
never to get that waked up the brake
reservoir is now topped up with brake
fluid so now I'm going to reinstall the
cap and be careful it had some paper
towel ready in case you get any leaks as
the cat as a rubber make for some of the
the brake fluid out so be ready for that
and don't put it on cross credit